Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Check him for picture.
- Camera. mark.
Action.
It happens all the time now. I was
at a baseball game this weekend.
and I'm sitting there
among thousands of people.
And I didn't feel
connected to any of them.
It feels like I'm not really...
You're in my eyeline.
It's just distracting.
Can you not look at...
Mark.
- Me?
- Action.
It happens all the time now.
I was at a...
Are you fucking kidding?
All right. Quiet.
guys. Here we go.
Guys. I'm try... This is...
- Cameras are set. Roll them.
- I need...
- Wait...
- Will you just say
when you're gonna approach me?
- Action.
- And he's gonna find me.
- What does that feel like?
- That was good. yeah?
- Action.
- And he's gonna find me.
Is it too much to do
this? The tear stuff?
- Action.
- Is the light okay?
He's gonna find me.
Oh. man. this is...
Is my dad here?
Fuck me. Getting beat today.
What is this? What
are you wearing?
- It's tweed. Yeah.
- That's cool.
And you look great.
You're a knockout.
You should send me your info
before we wrap just to talk biz.
Afterwards. You
know what I mean?
I think it could...
It'd... It could be cool.
Lately I can't escape the
feeling he's coming back.
and he's gonna find me.
I can't believe
this is happening.
- No one's ever gonna see it.
- That is not true. David.
- Your father is gonna take care of that.
- Even if he does.
I'm never gonna work
in this town again.
You need to remember something.
- Okay.
- Look at me.
You are the last living male
in a long line of great men.
and one day you'll
inherit a fortune.
And you know what
you can do then?
What?
You can tell this town
to go fuck itself.
Okay. Right.
I mean it. baby.
- Right.
- Fuck this town.
You say it.
Fuck this town.
Mom.
Say it. Davy.
Fuck this town.
I'm not in a good mood.
and it's not just the traffic and
people not using their turn signals.
I need to find Davy Siegel and figure
out what he knows about Olivia.
Mr. Sugar.
Hey. Carlos.
What he really knows.
How are you?
What's this. a shrine?
That's exactly
what it looks like.
He's kept the room like
this since she died.
I don't think a man ever loved a woman
more than Mr. Siegel loved his Lorraine.
Yeah.
- What is it?
- I definitely got these questions
for Jonathan. but...
Nothing.
Of course.
they're gonna have to wait.
All right. In the meantime.
I have other questions
for other people.
Hey. Kenny.
What do you want?
I was gonna ask is Davy here.
but I see that you're here.
- Now I know that he is.
- Kenny.
Did you ever see Being There?
Peter Sellers? Of course.
- Who is it?
- I apologize.
I'm always turning up.
Melvyn Douglas.
Remember his character?
Like a naughty penny.
Powerful guy. always
sick. Now he's dying.
But Melvyn Douglas says...
So
"I'm not going to the hospital.
I'm Melvyn fucking Douglas.
Bring the hospital to me."
Mr. Sugar.
- How can I help you?
- I'm looking for Davy.
David.
Speaking of money. now
that my father's not well.
I'm happy to pay the
rest of your fee.
And get you on your
way. if you like.
I appreciate the offer. but
you can keep your money.
Jonathan hired me. I'm
staying on the case.
You're "staying on the case"?
Well. that's very dramatic.
Yes. David. Sorry.
I'm here for David.
Any word from David?
You know what. why don't you go into
the dining room and take a seat?
Make yourself comfortable.
- What business is that of yours?
- I wanna talk to him.
I assume you saw the news.
- I did.
- David's had such a horrendous shock.
None of those absolutely vile lies
are true. and we can prove it.
Davy is so utterly
miserable. He told me.
"Mom. this poor woman
must be in so much pain
to tell a lie like this."
After trying to destroy him.
he still found empathy for her.
Can you believe my
sweet. sweet boy?
No.
Well.
I've been very patient with you. But
if you go anywhere near my son...
Mr. Sugar...
If you so much as picture
him in your mind's eye
I'm so sorry. but
I'll have my attorneys so
far and deep up your ass.
even your colon needs a lawyer.
- It's funny?
- No. but...
- You're his mother. so I understand you...
- Uh-huh.
Looking out for
him. But if he has
information that can help
me find his sister...
Half-sister.
I think I made it
clear that I believe
that searching for Olivia
is a fool's errand.
So whatever's happened to
Olivia. she had it coming. right?
No. no. I did not say that.
But I respect my father's
wishes. Haven't interfered.
The most likely thing
that "happened" to her is
that she met a coke dealer
with some really nice abs.
You don't even believe
what you just said.
Kenny.
Carlos.
Make him leave.
- Would you show Mr. Sugar out?
- Hey. Carlos.
You're not gonna be able
to make me leave. Kenny.
I promise.
It's okay.
Davy. Davy. I told you. sweetheart.
that I would handle this.
- This is on me.
- Davy.
You guys can go.
I'll talk to you.
- Davy. please.
- Mom. stop. stop. Mom. enough.
- Davy. I can...
- Enough! Stop! Get out.
- Come on.
- Okay.
Okay.
He's not gonna hurt...
It's all right. Kenny.
Shit.
She just loves me. So...
Women were always
weird around me.
Not weird. but I
don't know. Shit.
I was a famous kid. I had this
famous family. and they were around.
So I just never knew how to
to figure out how to
be normal with them.
- You know?
- By normal. what do you mean?
You mean not using
violent threats
to force women to
have sex with you?
- Is that what you mean?
- Yeah. I... Okay. I've...
I've done my fair share of
things I'm not proud of.
But now the world knows. So...
Who took Olivia?
"Where is she? Where is she?"
You're fucking relentless.
No. no. It's good. It's good.
You should be.
- Now. who took Olivia?
- Okay. Okay.
It's not the easiest
conversation I've had.
I was a famous kid. I
had this famous family.
Figure out how to be normal. And
so. they were around. but I...
- I never knew how to...
- Hey!
Who took Olivia?
Okay.
A while back. I heard about
a guy who can get you girls.
Not necessarily pros
or prostitutes. but...
Trafficked girls. women who
- who wouldn't be missed.
- Look. I...
I never saw any
overt mistreatment
or any kind of mistreatment.
All the girls... at least the ones
that I saw... they seemed pretty.
- you know...
- What? Happy?
I know this looks really bad.
So you went to Byron
Stallings for women.
- No. no. I never said that name. Never.
- You went to Byron Stallings. David.
- Jesus.
- I went a few times.
More than a few times. okay?
And after a while.
I just sort of started not. like.
hanging out with him at the tennis club.
This guy Stallings is
a legit psychopath.
But. you know. as
conversational acquaintances.
And so... I was telling
Stallings about what was going on
about all these chicks coming out
of the woodwork and attacking me.
threatening to sue.
go to the police.
All that. And I guess.
around there... I...
I guess I mentioned something
about my half-sister. about Olivia.
What did you mention?
What did I mention? What
she was doing to me.
Talking to that...
Telling the one
woman not to settle.
Go tell the press
everything about me.
I mean. right before my movie
is supposed to come out?
I on... Look. listen. Please
believe me. Please listen to me.
I just thought he
would scare her.
You know. tell her
that... Tell her to chill.
I never wanted him to...
Oh. God. it's so bad.
Does Margit...
- No.
- Does your mom...
No. no. She knows
about the women.
Not Olivia.
Stallings's address.
- Where exactly does he live?
- Off of La Cienega.
Creepy place. like.
right by the oil fields.
But he's not there right
now. He's down in TJ.
He won't be back until tomorrow.
I always felt like
she didn't like me.
And so I decided
not to like her.
I don't know.
She's your sister.
You were supposed
to take care of her.
Yeah.
We're gonna do two sets.
Yeah. that sounds great.
I know.
But the vet says we have to.
Our dog... on top of fleas. an
ear infection. an eye infection.
tendinitis of the shoulder...
was born with an inverted vulva.
I don't even know what that is.
- It's $1.500 is what it is.
- Stop it. So business is good?
- It's fine.
- Good.
- How's the sobriety?
- Four days.
- Hey. that's great. Mel. good for you.
- Yeah. thanks.
- And still no word about Olivia?
- We've been looking for her together.
What do you mean?
Sugar. His fucking
name is John Sugar.
Isn't that... That's
amazing. right?
He's been great. I... Not
that I know much about him.
He's very mysterious.
Won't talk about himself.
You know. all that bullshit.
Blah. blah. blah.
But. I don't know.
I s... I trust him.
No. look. he wants to find
Olivia almost as much as I do.
That's what matters.
Is this the guy that you
brought home a few days ago?
Yeah. But no. nothing happened.
- Is he cute?
- Yes and no.
It's not romantic.
It's not sexual.
I can't explain it.
I hate to say it.
but your life sounds
a hell of a lot more interesting
than mine does right now.
I don't know. Your dog's vagina
sounds pretty interesting.
Just be careful. Mel.
- Always.
- Yeah.
Ruby.
Hello. Miller.
You wanted to talk.
I'm sorry. I know
how busy you are.
So. something's
going on with Sugar?
It's just that...
There's a worry that his
current job... this case
might lead him to
come across things.
It's only a matter of time before he
sees something he won't be happy about.
These things that frankly
I'm not happy about.
- These new methods.
- We're just observing like always.
No. Miller. This is new.
These people...
No. I know. It's true.
But in the end. it's necessary.
Sugar won't see it that way.
So don't let him find out.
I don't really see how I can
stop him. I mean. I've tried.
Whatever it takes.
I think that's a
cottonwood tree. isn't it?
- Yeah. I believe so.
- Beautiful smell.
Yeah. it's stunning out here.
Fertile and dead
at the same time.
The... What's the
granddaughter's name again?
Olivia. Olivia Siegel.
Hey. We got interrupted
the other day.
So. following up. as they
say. You wanna come sit?
This place is nice. Right here.
I'll take the phone.
It's like a bass. right?
Stand-up bass.
I used to play electric
guitar back in high school.
Look. you probably
wanna hurry up and go
because my boyfriend's
on his way over here.
And if he sees a guy pointing a
gun at me being a real dick...
"Boyfriend's on his way." right?
Why is it that every time some
broad wants to try and scare you.
there's always this
mythical boyfriend
that's supposedly on his way?
- Yeah?
- It's me.
Here he is now.
Hey.
Nice job.
- Food. Ramen.
- Thanks.
Bitch.
How's it going?
Well. she went
out. saw a friend.
Just came back. That's about it.
Now what?
- Did you talk to David Siegel?
- Yeah.
And?
Yeah. we covered a lot of ground.
but the headline is that we need
to have a word with
Byron Stallings.
He's in Mexico. He's not
gonna be back till tomorrow.
First thing in the morning. I
want you to go to his place.
I'll text you the address.
Sounds like you got
the night off then?
Maybe I'll go see a movie.
As soon as you see Stallings
tomorrow. call me. okay?
Yeah. You got it.
Your boyfriend's coming!
- Thanks for the food.
- You got it.
Bitch.
Where is he?
Goddamn it!
Stop it.
Sugar!
You okay?
I'm sorry.
Now. it's Stallings
we gotta talk to.
- Tomorrow morning?
- Yeah.
- What do we do with him now?
- Well. let him go.
Then he can start a new
life in Barstow or Boise.
Or stay around and apologize to his
boss for being such a disappointment.
- I don't care. Let him go.
- What about her?
- I'll talk to her.
- Yeah.
Hey.
I don't think it's a good idea
that you stay here tonight.
So maybe the best idea
is you come to the hotel?
- I'll get my things.
- Okay.
Room service is still
open if you're hungry.
All right. Just
give me a moment.
I hear the sea bass
is really good.
I don't want anything.
I mean. after what just
happened. why would I
why would anybody want sea bass?
Of course.
He wanted to hurt you.
And so. I just... I don't know.
You wanted to hurt him.
I'm sorry if I scared you.
What are you doing?
I was just gonna take a shower.
Sor... I'll obviously
sleep on the couch.
- You and Wiley can take the bed.
- No. no.
No. I'm an ex-junkie
rock and roller.
I think I can handle a night on
a fancy hotel couch. I'm okay.
Okay.
Some stuff.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
- Good night.
Good evening. Come down.
Come down. please.
Keep going. We'll be there soon.
It's okay. look.
A little faster. please
keep coming down.
It's okay.
We just want to
make some changes.
We want men over here
and women over here.
Yes. please split up. It's okay.
We're gonna cross soon.
Let's see. you...
You come with me.
You.
You. miss. You.
You and you.
You're going to get in the van.
It's okay.
Your moms and dads are going
to be behind you in the truck.
- She doesn't want to leave.
- What is the problem. sir? It's okay.
Because they're separating the
girls. she's coming with me.
It's okay.
That doesn't sound very good.
Come with me.
brother. I'll explain.
Understand me. Tell
him to understand me.
Get in the van.
You guys are not
understanding me.
Get in. Get in.
Thank you.
When we were talking
earlier. the...
It was such a difficult
scene. You remember?
Oh. God. Yeah. I remember.
And technically difficult. Not.
you know... Not just the acting.
I had to walk into the lawyer's
office with all the papers.
And there must've been.
what. like 30 extras?
At least. Bunch of extras.
And I had to time it so I
finish my last line of dialogue
and hand over the final papers
of the will to Wilford Brimley
just at the very second we arrive
right in front of his office.
- Tough scene.
- I just couldn't get it.
Take after take. Couldn't do it.
"Cut. reset. cut. reset.
cut. reset. Back to one."
I s... I kept screwing it up.
It was either the timing
or the papers or just
forgetting my lines.
You were just a kid. And
you nailed it eventually.
No. I know.
And that courtroom
scene. Oh. my gosh.
I mean. there was not
a dry eye in the house.
Yeah. that was great.
Yeah. you're damn right it was.
You were great. You are great.
All right. More Pinot?
- No. I'm good.
- Okay.
Fuck this town.
Hello?
Here!
- Where are you?
- Here! Here!
Oh. no.
No. no. No.
No. Come on.
Do something. Do something!
Be careful with him.
Someone once said.
"Tip the world on its side
and everything loose
lands in Los Angeles."
Is that what's happening?
After all this time.
is this place starting
to turn me upside down?
I mean. tonight. that
guy at Melanie's.
What I did to him. I
could say that's not me.
That's not who I am.
- But lately. I'm not so sure.
- Girl.
- Hi. I missed you too. Come here.
- Maybe I've been here too long.
Yeah.
Anyway. that's it for tonight.
Tomorrow. I get Stallings.
I'll do better tomorrow.
What is it?
I have a secret.
Tell me.
I can't.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-